Update Anne contact information (#2445)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/community-handbook.md

We also host bimonthly [online Collaboration Cafés](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/main/project_management/online-collaboration-cafe.md) to cowork online with our community members online.
This would be the right place to get opinions from other community members and request their feedback and review on your work.

For specific questions or concerns, you can contact our community manager **Anne Lee Steele** by email at [asteele@turing.ac.uk](mailto:asteele@turing.ac.uk) .

> Alternatively, you can contact the co-lead investigators **Malvika Sharan** by email at [msharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:msharan@turing.ac.uk) or **Kirstie Whitaker** by email at [kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk](mailto:kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can contact the co-lead investigators **Malvika Sharan** by email at [msharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:msharan@turing.ac.uk) or **Kirstie Whitaker** (please note that Kirstie is on maternity leave for the rest of 2022).
```

## The Turing Way Contact Points

The co-lead investigators for this project are [Dr Kirstie Whitaker](https://whitakerlab.github.io/about), who leads the Tools, Practices and Systems Research Programme at [The Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk) and Dr. Malvika Sharan](https://about.me/malvikasharan), Senior Researcher at the [Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk).

[Anne Lee Steele](https://www.turing.ac.uk/people/researchers/anne-lee-steele) is the Community Manager.

You can contact them on the community Gitter Channel [https://gitter.im/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way](https://gitter.im/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way).
You can write an email to Anne Lee Steele for any question or query by using the community email [theturingway@gmail.com](mailto:theturingway@gmail.com) or contact her directly by emailing [asteele@turing.ac.uk](mailto:asteele@turing.ac.uk).

> In case you want to directly reach Malvika or Kirstie, email them at [msharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:msharan@turing.ac.uk) [kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk](mailto:kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to directly reach Malvika or Kirstie, email them at [theturingway@gmail.com](mailto:theturingway@gmail.com).
```
